Add `IfNotPresent` and `Ignore` SSA policies (#943)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: docs/spec/v1/kustomizations.md

kustomize create --autodetect --recursive
```

### Controlling the apply behavior of resources

To change the apply behaviour for specific Kubernetes resources, you can annotate them with:

| Annotation                          | Default    | Values                                                     | Role            |
|-------------------------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|

> | `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/ssa`   | `Override` | -`Override`<br/>-`Merge`<br/>-`IfNotPresent`<br/>-`Ignore` | Apply policy    |
> | `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/force` | `Disabled` | -`Enabled`<br/>-`Disabled`                                 | Recreate policy |
> | `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/prune` | `Enabled`  | -`Enabled`<br/>-`Disabled`                                 | Delete policy   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/ssa`   | `Override` | - `Override`<br/>- `Merge`<br/>- `IfNotPresent`<br/>- `Ignore` | Apply policy    |
| `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/force` | `Disabled` | - `Enabled`<br/>- `Disabled`                                 | Recreate policy |
| `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/prune` | `Enabled`  | - `Enabled`<br/>- `Disabled`                                 | Delete policy   |
```

#### `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/ssa`

##### Override

The `Override` policy instructs the controller to reconcile the Kubernetes resources
with the desired state (YAML manifests) defined in the Flux source (Git, OCI, Bucket).

If you use `kubectl` to edit a Kubernetes resource managed by Flux, all changes will be
reverted when the controller reconciles a Flux Kustomization containing that resource.
In order to preserve fields added with `kubectl`, you have to specify
a field manager named `flux-client-side-apply` e.g.:

```sh
kubectl apply --field-manager=flux-client-side-apply
```

##### Merge

The `Merge` policy instructs the controller to preserve the fields added by other tools to the
Kubernetes resources managed by Flux.

The fields defined in the manifests applied by the controller will always be overridden,
the `Merge` policy works only for adding new fields that don’t overlap with the desired
state.

For lists fields which are atomic (e.g. `.spec.tolerations` in PodSpec), Kubernetes
doesn't allow different managers for such fields, therefore any changes to these

> fields will be undone. For more context, please see the Kubernetes enhancement document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields will be reverted. For more context, please see the Kubernetes enhancement document:
```

[555-server-side-apply](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-api-machinery/555-server-side-apply/README.md#lists).

##### IfNotPresent

The `IfNotPresent` policy instructs the controller to only apply the Kubernetes resources
if they are not present on the cluster.

This policy can be used for Kubernetes Secrets and ValidatingWebhookConfigurations managed by cert-manager,
where Flux creates the resources with fields that are later on mutated by other controllers.

##### Ignore

The `Ignore` policy instructs the controller to skip applying Kubernetes resources
even if they present in a Flux source (Git, OCI, Bucket).

#### `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/force`

> When set to `Enabled` this policy instructs the controller to recreate the Kubernetes resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `Enabled`, this policy instructs the controller to recreate the Kubernetes resources
```

with changes to immutable fields.

This policy can be used for Kubernetes Jobs to rerun them when their container image changes.

> **Note** that using this policy for StatefulSets can incur data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Using this policy for StatefulSets may result in potential data loss.
```

#### `kustomize.toolkit.fluxcd.io/prune`

> When set to `Disabled` this policy instructs the controller to skip the deletion of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `Disabled`, this policy instructs the controller to skip the deletion of
```
